so the whyyy craze is pretty much just
died down by now especially when you see
how bad the divergent movies have gotten
but they're considering releasing the
fourth as a TV movie Oh Dame but what
sucks is that I never really minded The
Maze Runner series I think Dylan O'Brien
is pretty dreamy
I think the first had great sound design
and I like that the director didn't
decide to split the last movie into 45
parts like every other franchise is
doing however I do think that well the
finale has great effects in my opinion
is just a solid rental let me explain so
this movie was supposed to come out like
two years ago but then they almost
killed the main character doing a stunt
on sat so of course we start off the
movie by playing that sequence where he
almost died with a concussion
according to Dylan they actually used
the clip from his injury in the movie so
they pretty much were taking a page from
been hurt pretty much the scene is like
the opening to Toy Story 3 on the train
they're trying to save dong from kimmy
schmitt since he was kidnapped in the
last movie but they end up grabbing the
wrong caboose let me just add that these
soldiers right here are worse than
stormtroopers when it comes to shooting
like they had like 5 head shots right at
the beginning and the movie would've
been over anyways Mido gets taken back
to the set of the first movie since
they're running these mental tests on
him within this facility that's actually
in a thriving city surrounded by walls
to keep out uncivilized people in this
divergent Tammie 1 and that pasty
traitor are still trying to come up with
a serum to help fix the virus that
plagued the world due to solar fares
they're also trying to fix the problem
they created when they experimented on
kids which they locked up in a death
pace those surviving kids are now
hanging out with Barry Pepper gasps a
deformed moonlight and dun dun dun the
race is caught from Detroit now gali
wasn't the first movie which is crazy
since the dude got pierced like a mofo
and now he's alive has been born again
found Jesus is a good guy and has a plan
to sneak them into the city by doing the
one thing no man ever wants to do talk
to an ex Thomas meets up with the Pacey
line thieving adulteress at heart and
kind of convinces her to sneak them into
the facility which is kind of pointless
considering that newts and Gally we're
already inside
they Schindler lists the kids out of
their cells rescue me no and then jump
out of the window to escape from a third
Youth floor like I could see the pennies
from the pool meanwhile Phantom of the
Opera is starting a revolution White
Walkers that wall and turns the city
into Ferguson Aleta is reenacting speed
on that bus with all the kids and that
gets picked up by a crane and tossed
outside the city and toothpaste over
here figures out that Thomas has the
blood of Jesus and can cleanse everyone
not only from the virus but of their
sins Dylan and Ferb are trying to escape
amongst all the wreckage when Newt turns
into a zombie and tries to eat Thomas of
course friends don't stab each other in
the back so Dylan stabs him in the front
and he dies should have just you know
blood-brother him since you you know
have the Cure in you however it's
homicides that he is going to give
himself up and goes over to Tammy one
but then little finger comes out of
nowhere and bang bang shoots Tammy one
and kills her he tries juicing out
Dylan's blood but then him and Teresa
get away and bang bang bang he shoots
Dylan piercing him on the side Jesus
style but then a little figure gets bang
bang bang eaten by zombies allowing them
to escape to the roof where an injured
dude who is Pierce right on his side
with a bullet is able to air jordan
himself onto a helicopter while Teresa
just stands there like a game of freeze
tag and falls to her death with the
building ofa we end up in the safe haven
where everyone's living happily thomas
reads a letter from newt that tells him
to call him by his name and they all
fred flinstone names onto a rock to
remember the loved ones as we close out
this franchise for good until we get
those prequels adapted thank you guys
for checking out this video as always
let me know your thoughts down below any
movies that you want me to cover a TV
shows even albums down below in the
comment section and remember to comment
like and subscribe because if you do I
will send you one of the 10 vials that I
have of Dylan O'Brien's blood